Hello mom, I said it in the car,
Who am I in front of?
I like an outstanding girl like Xiaoni to be my daughter-in-law.
And you are just too much.
What is too much.
I really like being weak and generous like Xiaoni,
A beautiful and kind girl will be my daughter-in-law.
OK, you buy a nineteen,
Don't mention that woman in front of me in the future.
Okay. Let’s not do this again.
Since you are married to Xiaoni,
From now on, I must love and conquer him well,
Say goodbye to him. Can't let him,
However, she said she was wronged half the time
Don't worry
in my own information
I hope you will do it when you say it
After little Leah
If she bullies you
Just tell us to do it for you
Just teach him how to be a good mother
And bullying has been seen
All that needs to be said has been said
I won't disturb your annual salary
Please give me the profit and let me go. Just tell me if you ask me to leave.
My mother will definitely like you
call me a girl like this
A more responsible person in marriage
Do you have anything going on?
What's wrong with you
You really are taking the blame and never force yourself.
Not the vice president
Are you able to talk about this happiness?
Do you want to be the vice president's wife?
I feel now
Others are quite wrong. Tell them well.